

# React Native Chat Application 

## Getting Started

To run this project, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/TabotCharlesBessong/ReactNativeCourse.git
```

```
cd chat_app_ui
```


2. Install the dependencies:

```
cd ReactNativeCourse
cd chat_app_ui
yarn install
```

3. Start the development server:

```
yarn start
----------------
or
----------------
expo start
```

4. Open the project in your mobile device:


- If you have an iOS device, 
`you will be suggested with options of commands to press i or scan the QR code with your iPhone camera`
- If you have an Android device.
`make sure you have either android studio or expo Go app installed on your phone`
`you will be suggested with options of commands to press a or scan the QR code with your expo Go app`

Alternatively, you can use the Expo app to run the application on your mobile device. To do this:

1. Install the Expo app on your device.
2. Start the development server with `yarn start`.
3. Scan the QR code generated by the development server using the Expo app.

## Running the Tests

To run the tests, use the following command:

```
yarn test
```

This will run the test suite and display the results in your terminal.

## Deployment

To deploy the application, you will need to follow the instructions specific to your target platform. Here are some general steps to follow:

- For iOS:
  1. Open the `ios` directory in Xcode.
  2. Choose a device or simulator to build the app for.
  3. Click the "Run" button to build and deploy the app.

- For Android:
  1. Open the `android` directory in Android Studio.
  2. Build the app by clicking the "Build" button in Android Studio.
  3. Deploy the app to a device or emulator using the "Run" button.

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute to this project, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository or clone the repository.
2. Make your changes and commit them to your fork or create a branch an issue for the changes you have made.
2. a) git checkout -b branch_name
3. Make a pull request and assign a reviewer.
4. Wait for changes to be merged
